Let's begin our Kalman filter implementation with the measurement update.
Let's take a look at an example back in our one-dimensional robot world.
It seems that our robot's been roaming around while we've been away learning.
However, I have an inkling that the robot's current position is near the 20-meter mark,
but I'm not incredibly certain.
So, the prior belief Gaussian has a rather wide probability distribution.
Next, a robot takes it's first sensory measurement providing us with data to work with.
The measurement data, Z, is more certain,
so it appears as a narrower Gaussian with a mean of 30.
Hey, our intuition was close.
Given our prior belief about the robot's state and the measurement that it collected,
where do you think the robot's new belief will be?